[docs] Shap-E guide (#4700)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/shap-e.md

# Shap-E

[[open-in-colab]]

Shap-E is a conditional model for generating 3D assets which could be used for video game development, interior design, and architecture. It is trained on a large dataset of 3D assets, and post-processed to render more views of each object and produce 16K instead of 4K point clouds. The Shap-E model is trained in two steps:

> 1. a encoder accepts the point clouds and rendered views of a 3D assets and outputs the latents of that 3D asset which are used to produce the asset's weights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. a encoder accepts the point clouds and rendered views of a 3D assets and outputs the parameters of implicit functions that represent the assetd
```
